The new year has just begun.
The season gets
right into the swing of things.
Chiesa!
Coach Pirlo is really put to the test.
The defeat against Porto in the first leg
shakes the team.
But they react in the championship
thanks to Ronaldo's goals.
Ronaldo! Juventus is ahead!
Despite Chiesa's performance
in the second half,
the Champions League elimination upsets
the entire locker room.
The dream has faded
and the tenth consecutive Scudetto
seems increasingly unattainable.
Will Juventus manage to succeed?
TURIN
MARCH 2021
It's the beginning of spring,
the championship will end in eight weeks.
Being eliminated
from the Champions League still hurts,
but for Fabio Paratici and Juventus,
a new challenge is already in sight.
A coffee, please.
I'm taking a piece of panettone.
-We lost points, right?
-Yeah, I know.
I always come here
because they're discreet.
They're very professional.
For the guys.
For the guys, here. Thanks.
-Bye, guys.
-Bye, Fabio. Have a good day.
The hope to succeed
in Europe has vanished,
but the Scudetto
is still an attainable goal.
They must recover points from Inter,
but winning the Serie A, for Juventus,
is almost a habit.
They've won nine years in a row now.
There's a group of people
that has been working for 11 years...
...and is fully dedicated to Juventus
and to winning the title.
This week...
Captain Chiellini goes back
to training after an injury.
By the thunderbolts of Zeus.
His experience and grit as a player
will be vital during the championship.
Let's play the ball.
To be Italian, you cannot just...
You need to learn to be a liar.
-You can't just dive.
-You can't just dive,
bump, shout, you know...
Winning trophies is amazing...
GIORGIO CHIELLINI
DEFENDER
You never forget the first time.
Remembering what it's like to win
gives you strength to overcome obstacles.
Persistence is important
because you have to set
an example in all aspects.
I believe that the right thing to do
is really to give...
GIANLUIGI BUFFON
GOALKEEPER
...our best in terms
of reliability and professionalism
to finish the season well.
Time should never be wasted,
that's for sure.
Attack! There it goes.
For over 90 years, Italian teams
have been fighting for the Scudetto.
Juventus has won more
championships than Inter and Milan,
triumphing for the last nine seasons.
We must win again. It's important.
Today, victory is back in Juventus' DNA.
When you wear the Juventus' jersey,
what happens tomorrow
isn't important.
It only matters what happens today.
It would mean
that Juventus' mentality is truly unique.
Champions of Italy!
In 24 hours, Juventus will face Benevento.
Promoted from Serie B, the team has
only won one match since the year began,
and it's now ranked 16th.
Why don't you put him on the right?
Fede Chiesa.
-No.
-So you're not playing with three.
If there's only one striker, no.
We thought that we would have
still been in the Champions League.
I didn't expect it, but it's part
of the game, part of the job.
You can put him here, and that makes
three of them. A rover and two forwards.
Two left.
Yes. One.
-Then...
-Dragusin, out. Bonucci, rover.
Then you take him out...
and he becomes the rover.
My approach to matches
and to these challenges has always been
intense, so...
no matter what I do, I always do it
with adrenaline and concentration.
TURIN
MARCH 21, 2021
At night you start thinking
about what can happen...
You can't sleep very well,
your brain is always working.
I'll be honest, the coach
has enviable balance
and he doesn't give away
any signs of stress, although...
the reality is different. For certain,
one of the reasons I stayed this year
was because he was here.
Juventus must win
to continue competing for the Scudetto
and get closer to the leader Inter,
which has a seven-point lead.
Off we go. You're about to enjoy
Juventus-Benevento, the 28th match
of the Serie A championship.
Go, Fede. There it comes.
Watch out, Ronaldo again
in the penalty area. Ronaldo!
Great opportunity for Juventus.
Come on!
Watch out for Morata, he's on the move.
Morata, great action. Morata! Saved.
Come on!
Juventus was close to a 1-0 goal.
Corner kick.
Álvaro Morata, two opportunities.
A clear action for Juventus.
A first for de Ligt and then Morata.
The ball doesn't want to get in.
Spread out!
Cristiano wants to shoot.
Ronaldo's right kick!
Montipò saves it one more time.
Juventus tries
to remain in the offensive zone,
but the two minutes of added time is over.
It's halftime here at the Allianz Stadium.
Zero-zero for Juventus and Benevento.
After a frustrating first half,
the result remains unchanged.
Juventus can't tame Benevento.
Forty-five minutes are all that's
left to save the season.
We're crazy, you guys.
If we want to win the Scudetto,
we can't play like this!
When we have the ball,
Like this we won't win shit!
Fucking hell! We're all shit
if this is how we play!
Don't you realize
how important it is to win this game?
It's been a year! Always
someone else's fault, always next time!
Bullshit! Let's take responsibility
and accept blame
for this shitty game.
I was pissed because
I was aware
that we weren't performing
as well as we should have.
He's right.
I'm very
instinctive and I trust my gut.
I can't comfort you
when you need a slap to wake you up.
A shake, a...
A wake-up call helps you a lot more.
And then maybe...
it gives you an electroshock
that turns you back on.
This is what I try to do
with the younger players. I try...
to push them to give their best.
If we play like this, we can't win.
If we are not determined,
we can't win a match.
We can be good with words,
but we need facts on the field.
We're doing shit.
We won't win with this attitude!
We need to change our attitude,
or we'll stay 10 points behind Inter
and they deserve to win.
Come on, guys!
We can do it! We just need determination
and guts to win these fucking games.
Let's kick their ass in the second half.
Come on!
Andrea Pirlo needs to try
to bring in a very important victory
to achieve the goal.
Rabiot.
Ronaldo. He wants to turn around.
He manages to do it.
CR7, he goes for the dribble.
Clear foul against him. Free kick.
Ronaldo opens for de Ligt in the middle.
He crosses. Nobody gets there.
We're about to enter the last 20 minutes.
Come closer, Cri. Come on, Cri.
The ball's on the other side.
Gaich retrieves it.
He aims for the goal. Gaich!
Goal. Benevento leads with Gaich
on Juventus' mistake.
The score changes.
Come on, take the ball. Come on!
Juventus, zero. Benevento, one.
Leo! Twenty-five! Come on, Leo, 25!
Come on, let's go!
Twenty-five minutes, come on!
Today we have to win, guys. Come on!
Arthur, good idea for Chiesa. He aims
for the goal. Chiesa. Is that a penalty?
Not according to the referee.
It seemed like a clear foul to me.
Penalty! What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Referee! It's a clear penalty.
-Penalty! Penalty! Penalty!
-Penalty!
Penalty!
The referee doesn't award
a penalty to Juventus.
Only one minute left
until the match is over.
Kulusevski crosses in the middle,
looking for Ronaldo,
Ronaldo, there he goes.
Ronaldo! Saved. It's not over.
Montipò's net is haunted.
I didn't think we could
lose at home to Benevento.
I hope this will be the only home defeat
for Juventus against Benevento.
This is a tough moment.
We've had many tough moments
over my last 20 years with Juve.
I was really hoping
to win a tenth Scudetto.
I spent half of my career
as a champion of Italy
and watching someone else
win the Scudetto will be strange.
What did we do wrong?
FEDERICO CHIESA
STRIKER
I can't tell you,
because I never won the Scudetto.
If in the future,
I win
the Scudetto, I'll tell you,
"This year we missed this."
Benevento is celebrating
in the locker room,
while the coach and the managers
discuss the defeat.
Why are they conceited today?
We're out of the Champions League.
I know.
We need to get in there
and kick their ass.
I'm telling you.
We're here because we're part of this.
No, it's them. It's them.
The game against Benevento
will go down in history because...
GUIDO VACIAGO
JOURNALIST
...if you lose against Benevento
you can lose against all teams.
After the defeat that destroyed
the hope of a tenth Scudetto,
the pressure on Coach Pirlo
gets higher and higher.
I believe Pirlo is no longer shining.
RADIO 24
FROM MARCH 21, 2021
After this defeat, there are no chances
to make it to the championship game.
And in the future, is Pirlo the right man
for a team that needs to be rebuilt?
It's time to resolve doubts
about Pirlo's season.
The outcome of the season is at risk
and Pirlo seeks the company
of an old friend.
So, I'm handling the pressure
the same way I was doing it as a player.
They can butcher me,
but I don't owe them anything.
Well said. That's true.
They were breaking my balls
if I was playing well or bad.
It's the same for me.
I never thought you'd become a coach.
Me neither, at first.
I took the training and little by little
it started growing on me.
-Thank you.
-Your cruda.
The chef roasted the peppers
without bagna cauda.
-Thank you! Thanks a lot.
-Enjoy.
What about next year, Gigi?
At the end, the only reason
why I'd quit,
is the lack of a strong energy.
Pirlo and Buffon played together
in Juventus for four years,
but their friendship started
in the national team 20 years ago
and their bond
goes beyond the locker room.
The world has changed.
There's a different mentality,
with different needs. When we were younger
playing soccer,
winning and training was our whole life.
Not just for our team, but in general.
-Now the priority is...
-The phone.
The phone, the followers,
being silly on Facebook, on Instagram.
One thing
that I fucking hate
is seeing people on their phone
right before the match.
And instead, from next year,
before the game,
you get your massage,
and you leave your phone in the locker.
I think it's a good idea. I mean...
So that you can focus.
I think it's inevitable that
with the generational turnover
we need to restore
a certain balance
and certain strong points.
-Here's the bill.
-Thank you.
Is the bill on the coach?
No.
Times are changing rapidly
on and off the field
and Juventus needs to attract younger fans
through the use of social media
such as Twitch.
It's a different world
for Pirlo and Buffon,
but essential to keep up
with the new generations.
Two, one, go.
Twitch is the social media that connects
the club to the world of video games
and live streaming entertainment
thanks to its 25 million
daily global visitors.
Globally, 40% of people between 16
and 24 years old don't even follow soccer.
The passion we see in them is different
from that of previous generations.
The world of esports
is definitely something that...
...generates entertainment
and involves the masses.
We need
to observe
with great attention the trends
that are developing in the industry.
I think there's still a lot of room
for soccer in esports.
In comparison to traditional sports,
we're still at an early stage.
It's got some crazy potential, though.
It's clear that the next five, six,
10 years will be fundamental,
as we're experiencing...
a great transformation for the sport
in terms of consumer habits
and those who can connect with
this new audience, will succeed.
The digital world is constantly evolving.
The president had this vision
and we are those
who transform it in reality.
Juventus keeps up with the times
and 18-year-old Andy Elonda
is a new generation fan.
ANDY MANDA ELONDA
JUVENTUS FAN
I have a passion for Juve,
so it's personal.
If they lose, it's like I lose.
If they win, it's like I win.
In the neighborhood where I grew up
most kids supported Juve
because kids always like to win.
You see?
Heart, passion and sweat
on the suburban fields.
I'll be honest,
I can't live without soccer. I just can't.
If they play like us, we'll win.
TURIN
APRIL 3, 2021
From the Olympic Stadium, Grande Torino,
Juve wants to score points and Torino
is trying to escape the relegation zone.
Bianconeri against Granata.
The throne of the city is at stake.
After losing to Benevento, Juve has
to qualify for the Champions League.
Watch out, Chiesa. Chiesa. Chiesa. Chiesa!
Yes!
From the Allianz Stadium,
TURIN
APRIL 7, 2021
Juventus-Naples.
Chiesa dribbles.
He crosses to the middle. Ronaldo!
Juventus is ahead!
Bentancur shoots.
There goes Dybala to score. Goal!
Two goals for Juventus!
Paulo Dybala is back!
From the Allianz Stadium, Juventus-Genoa.
Watch out, the American, McKennie.
He aims for the goal. McKennie!
Juventus scores a goal
with Weston McKennie.
A series of victories seems
to consolidate Juve's position.
BERGAMO
APRIL 18, 2021
Ilicic for Malinovskyi.
Left-kick, deflection, goal.
But the points lost with Atalanta
push them down to fourth place
with seven games to go.
We must never give up,
for better or worse, until the end.
Juventus arrives at Udine with Inter,
the new champions of Italy.
Rabiot aims for the goal,
crosses in the middle for Ronaldo. Header!
Goal! Juventus is leading!
Cristiano Ronaldo. The game is over!
Ronaldo's goal right before the end
of the match with Udinese
keeps the hope alive in the fight
for the Champions League.
While the team fights on the field,
unexpected news shows that the president,
Executive Chairman Andrea Agnelli
is looking to the future.
There were rumors...
...that in the evening
Florentino Pérez would have announced
the creation of a Super League.
I started texting, trying to understand.
The silence
from sources that would normally
give answers was suspicious.
When there's no answer to your WhatsApp
messages and to your calls, you worry.
Over the next 48 hours,
so many things happened.
Good morning from TG3, it's chaos
in the world of international soccer
after the creation of a Super League.
Concurrently, Andrea Agnelli has resigned
from other positions in European soccer.
We want an alternative
European competition
that gives stability to clubs
and therefore to you.
The project has a code name, BSW.
which is what we want to
bring to the fans.
I work on it.
If I need protection, bodyguards,
I hope to have them behind me,
because for now I need them.
But the history of soccer
has its own larger path.
And this moment was inevitable.
While many criticize the initiative,
Agnelli considers it essential
to recover the losses due to the pandemic.
Today, soccer clubs are companies.
When you try to bring in innovation,
you often clash.
Between 2019/20 and 2020/21 we estimate
between 6.5 and 8.5 billion
in accumulated losses
in the first division. So either
you owe because you have equity,
or you need capital,
because what really matters
is the present and the future.
In the streets of Turin,
the news divides the fans.
The Super League is only for rich people.
It's mere business.
I like that it includes
the biggest clubs in Europe
and it's therefore comparable to the NBA,
which also collects the strongest teams.
It kills the poetry, in my opinion.
On the one hand it was
a source of pride to know that my team was
among the best in Europe.
The Super League collapses. UEFA says,
"Glad they admitted the mistake."
Last night six English teams
were the first to leave
the Super League
and this morning they were followed by
Inter, Milan and Atletico Madrid.
Now 48 hours after the announcement,
the European Football Super League
is on hold.
Many aspects will have to be explained
in order to understand why
twelve clubs,
which represented billions of fans,
fell apart in less than 48 hours.
Perhaps it should have been
better prepared from the media point
of view. And the issues are still there.
We'll see if this project will give life
to something else in the future.
While the world is discussing
the Super League,
Juve has to focus
on the home game against Milan.
A deciding match.
TURIN
MAY 9, 2021
It's worth a lot to the leaderboard.
Both teams are chasing a place
in the Champions League.
Let's start strong.
We need to be fierce and aggressive.
Milan is a rival for a place
in the Champions League.
Losing is not an option.
It's definitely a decisive game for us
as we only have four games left
till the end of the championship
and we know it won't be easy,
but we all want to play in the Champions
League, and we must aim to that.
Off we go. Enjoy Juventus-Milan.
Watch out for the cross in area.
There goes the Colombian,
cross in the middle.
Chiellini, header and ball out.
Chiellini didn't take advantage of it.
The most important opportunity for Juve.
Penalty for Milan.
Çalhanoğlu. Cross in the middle
looking for Ibrahimovic.
Szczęsny. Diaz! Goal!
Juventus, zero. Milan, one.
It's halftime here at the stadium.
We'll be right back for the second half.
All games are tough in modern soccer.
There is no such thing
as an easy match today,
so being at the top
of each game is difficult.
We still have 45 minutes left.
We need to give it all.
We have substitutions.
Let's do all it takes to win.
-Come on! We need to stay positive.
-Come on!
We need to be confident, help each other.
If we make a mistake,
then we need to attack right away.
Let's be confident and positive.
Let's not feel sorry for ourselves!
Let's save that for later!
Now it's time to grow a pair!
Let's look at this fucking board,
are we afraid of Milan?
It can't be!
We must play with a clear head!
It's a tough moment,
but a clear head keeps us going!
This is when you see the players, the men.
-Now.
-Let's go!
We're back at Allianz Stadium in Turin,
where the second half of Juve-Milan
is about to begin.
The 35th game of the championship.
It's 4-4-2 for Pirlo versus 4-2-3-1
for Stefano Pioli. Here we go.
Off we go.
Enjoy the second half of Juventus-Milan.
Pioli's line-up goes from
left to right. Diaz, watch out.
Brahim Diaz, he has the ball, Diaz.
Chiellini's arm foul.
Penalty for Milan.
Yellow card for Chiellini.
Kessié shoots.
Saved by Szczęsny!
Juventus needs to try
and gain grit from the great save
of Wojciech Szczęsny. De Ligt.
Chiellini. Watch out for Milan.
Rebić's right-kick.
Two-zero.
Juve must try in some way.
Spread out! Spread out! Spread out!
Penalty for Milan.
Stay in front of him, Ale.
With Hakan Çalhanoğlu.
Header!
Goal, 3-0.
The match is over. Milan wins 3-0
on Juventus' field at Allianz Stadium.
Juve-Milan was a defeat,
an utter defeat for Juventus.
What matters is also more than
just the score. it's not just about
a defeat,
it's losing three points
and sending Milan ahead.
Juventus is now further away
from the next Champions League.
Juventus is now fifth in the rankings
and is likely to be left out
of the Champions League next season.
Meanwhile, an unexpected announcement
shakes Italian soccer.
Gigi Buffon says goodbye to Juventus.
But he might keep playing elsewhere.
Come on.
The best goalkeeper in Italian soccer
leaves the club after playing 19 seasons.
Another piece falling apart
from a struggling team.
Buffon is ambitious, he's 43
and he's proved himself to be reliable.
I have no idea what
I'll do now.
But I consider myself
an accomplished man.
Gigi is special.
I feel privileged
because the teachings
that Gigi gave me
when we were younger and now
that he has a different role...
I'll honestly miss him.
When players like him leave,
it's a big loss, but...
unfortunately,
FEDERICO CHIESA
FORWARD
at some point
you have to tell yourself, "Okay,
I did a lot.
Now it's time to change my life."
Some people say, "No, he has to quit."
But I reply, "Have you ever
been inside the mind,
the body, the soul of Buffon, even
just for an hour?" Then you can't know
why I want to quit
or I want to keep doing this.
I find it pretentious,
when it comes to such personal choices,
to say, "No, it's a good move."
"No, it's a bad move."
In 24 hours,
Juventus will play against Sassuolo,
the first of the four final games.
Juve is now ranked fifth.
Morale isn't the best.
Younger players in particular
really need to give it their all.
They need to understand
that it's not over,
that we're professionals and that
we can still achieve the objective,
so we need to do all it takes.
I'm not going to do this, so we can't
afford to think like the players.
Today players, and you know this...
We go to Sassuolo,
we are professional, strong,
capable of winning in Sassuolo.
It's been like this
for the past nine years.
You've won a Scudetto, two titles...
you went ahead in the Champions League,
you got to the final,
but during these 350 days
there are hard times
that you need to deal with.
You have to find the right balance,
which is hard work
and that is achieved
through great concentration.
I mean, I think we can win in Sassuolo.
Only those who believe we can win
the match should come to Sassuolo.
Otherwise stay at home.
I'm going, I don't want to lose time.
After the announcement of his retirement,
Buffon is preparing to take the field.
Buffon is the best goalkeeper
in the history of soccer.
He has the innate quality...
...of having an extraordinary body
that he consistently nurtures with work.
He also has an exceptional mindset,
which may be his main strength.
Buffon is 43 years old
and he's still teaching me
that the passion for this sport
and for this job come first...
Reserved charter train.
FIGC Covid protocol observed.
He sets an example
in every possible way.
And he always has a positive attitude.
Seeing his great energy and smile instills
positivity in me
and in the entire environment.
Guys, corner kicks.
Mark! Leo! Alex!
-Beat them.
-Rabiot!
Come on, guys. Let's go.
In order to finish fourth
and qualify for the Champions League,
Juve must win against Sassuolo.
Buffon's farewell to Juventus has been
announced for the end of the season.
The 43-year-old is playing his 684th match
with the Bianconeri jersey.
This is one of the last matches
for Juventus legend.
Come on! Let's go!
Well done!
Penalty for Sassuolo.
Buffon saves it!
Gianluigi Buffon's save
with Super Gigi's exultation!
Rabiot! Rabiot! Rabiot!
Rabiot. Juve stretches out.
He aims for the goal. It's Rabiot's goal!
-Yes!
-Juventus is ahead!
Sassuolo, zero. Juventus, one.
With Adrien Rabiot's goal.
Go for it, Cri, go!
Ronaldo aims the goal.
Ronaldo! Juventus scores again!
It's halftime, 2-0 for Juventus.
Come on, guys, one minute.
We knew we were going to play
this kind of match.
The ball must not cross the lines.
Well done, Kulu.
Let's keep it this way a little longer.
What's important is the defense.
Stay here in the center.
We need to suffer a little more,
another 45 minutes.
Go with him, Cri, go with him!
Sassuolo's goal.
Dybala.
Dybala! One hundred goals
with Juventus' jersey
on this magical night
for Paulo Dybala.
Sassuolo, one. Juventus, three.
The victory over Sassuolo doesn't
guarantee Juventus will qualify.
It's all-in on the last two matches.
You should keep Morata.
Juventus can't only rely
on its own strength,
they also need
the direct competitors' results
to play in their favor.
Fighting for the Champions League
until the last match
is a lot of pressure,
but we need to handle it
with a clear mind and balance.
Playing the Champions League
for us is essential.
Let's grow a pair. Come on!
Chiesa. Chiesa. Chiesa!
I actually get emotional
when I talk about Buffon.
Last match of the championship.
We want to make it
to the Champions and failing
would mean a personal failure.